Add release notes: DSP, ztest, emul (#54790)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.3.rst

API Changes
***********

* Emulator creation APIs have changed to better match

>   :c:macro:`DEVICE_DT_DEFINE`. It also includs a new backend API pointer to

Reviewer: includs --> includes

  * ``CONFIG_HAS_EXTERNAL_CACHE`` has been renamed to
    :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_EXTERNAL_CACHE`

* DSP

>   * Introduced DSP (digital signal processing) subsystem with CMSIS-DSP at the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Introduced DSP (digital signal processing) subsystem with CMSIS-DSP as the
```

    default backend.

>   * CMSIS-DSP now supports all architectures supported by Zephyr.

Reviewer 3: Note needed on renaming to zdsp?

Reviewer 2: No, CMSIS-DSP has not been renamed to ZDSP. It is just the default backend for the ZDSP (DSP subsystem).

  * Added the linear range API to map values in a linear range to a range index
    :zephyr_file:`include/zephyr/sys/linear_range.h`.

> * DSP subsystem is now supported along with CMSIS as the default backend.

Reviewer 2: "DSP" needs to be a dedicated section. This also needs to be alphabetically sorted

```suggestion
* DSP

  * Introduced DSP (digital signal processing) subsystem with CMSIS-DSP as the default backend.
  * CMSIS-DSP now supports all architectures supported by Zephyr.
```

Author: Done
